Summary

Experience Product Manager with more than 5 years tenure as a Product Owner in the Enterprise Communication Solutions

Skills 

	-	Assessing and influencing complex change initiatives without direct authority across multiple business areas
	-	Creating and delivering training, presentations, analysis and conclusions to different audiences at all levels
	-	Building relationships and creating wide networking opportunities to achieve goals
	-	Excellent communication skills; confident while communicating in English, Spanish or Catalan
	-	Strong SharePoint 2013, Excel, Word and Power Point and Network Information Centre (NIC), good knowledge of MS Project, InfoPath, Access, Visio and Sales Force

Experience

Product Development Manager - American Express 
May 2022 - Present 

Product Manager - American Express
July 2019 - May 2022

Product Managing Email servicing capability. Working closely with the design and technology teams to develop, test and deliver on the product roadmap. Planning, managing, and executing product delivery, including recognising Minimum Viable Product vs. enhancement opportunities. Identifying tool and system enhancements and standardisation to drive efficiencies. Investigating, applying new trends, competitive best practices and defining requirements.

Change Manager, UK Regulatory Response - American Express
October 2016 - July 2019

Owning UK Change Management process as part of TFC (Treating Customers Fairly) for the Financial Conduct Authority guidelines, assessing and reviewing business initiatives and projects to prevent negative customer impact via effective processes and controls assessment, creating a centralised repository of changes taking place for UK Consumers across different business units. 

Regulatory Response Analyst, International Currency Card (ICC) Singapore - American Express
June 2016 - February 2017

Leading the engagement from the market compliance team in Singapore and Business Team in the UK, to drive the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) compliance obligations across the UK Proprietary charge, lending and ICC business. 

Partner Governance Manager - Amercian Express
August 2014 - June 2016

Managing governance, control and quality for user access administration of the Amercian Express Join Ventures Partners, driving Open Network Confidentiality Operational Principles (ONCOP) data segregation projects and supporting internal audits and process risk assessments (PRSA). 

Business MI & Partner Support Specialist - American Express
May 2012 - August 2014

Network Information Centre MI expert. Developing ad-hoc reports to support Partner Management and Project team to identify and quantify trends or issues in partner performance and new product launches. Investigating and developing innovative initiatives to increase billed business. 

